README.md, before:

# Power Contacts
Leverage the power of plain text.

---

<img src="assets/favicon.ico" width=20% height=20%>
<img src="assets/screencap_main_page.png">
<img src="assets/screencap_tags_page.png">
<img src="assets/screencap_contact_page.png">
<img src="assets/screencap_events_page.png">


### Tags & Events:
- You need tags to organise people from different areas of life
- Tags are great for associating certain people with certain contexts, like work/school/some other venue
- Events are anything with a date - could be a future task, or a past appointment

You can have all this information stored _somewhere_. I have gone through so many notes apps, like Notion/Obsidian. But 
at the end of the day you need this to be accessible. You need to get on your phone and dial. So instead of crafting a whole
CRM system on Notion - which you will never use, why not just have everything stored on your regular list of contacts anyway, 
and have it sync over to your phone?

### Point of this tool
- I have used this method to keep track of my contacts for years now. On my iPhone, all tags/events are searchable, because
it is just plain text. Searching `#sometag` will give me a list of contacts that have the text `#sometag` 
in its 'notes'/'biographies' section.
- I have always craved a good GUI for this - and I figured no one would build it for me, might as well do it myself 
and share it to the world. 

### Usage 
- You need to set up a Google Cloud app to be able to use this. (it's free)
- Register yourself as the sole tester for your app.
- Set up the OAuth2.0 consent screen.
- More info [on the official Docs](https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/create-credentials)
- Make sure you enable the People API
- Once you got all set up, you will receive a `credentials.json` - this will be the key to
accessing your Google Cloud app.
- Paste it into the install directory. 
- When you launch main.py/the executable, it will automatically redirect you to the OAuth screen you had set up.
- You only have to accept the terms once. A `token.json` will be generated
at the root directory for future access.
- Your should now be able to manage your contacts with Power Contacts.

### Future

Might make one for microsoft API or what have you. I don't know.

Commit message:

Added full offline mode and syncing, import/export from json

README.md, after:

# Power Contacts
Leverage the power of plain text.

---

<img src="assets/favicon.ico" width=20% height=20%>
<img src="assets/screencap_main_page.png">
<img src="assets/screencap_tags_page.png">
<img src="assets/screencap_events_page.png">
<img src="assets/screencap_contact_page.png">
<img src="assets/screencap_sync_page.png">

# Power Contacts

## Overview

Power Contacts is an intuitive contact management tool designed to enhance how you organize and access your network. Built with an offline-first approach, it offers seamless integration with Google Contacts, allowing you to sync and manage your contacts effortlessly.

## Features

- **Tagging System:** Easily add and manage tags for your contacts. Use tags like `#work`, `#school`, or any custom label to categorize your network efficiently.
- **Event Tracking:** Attach events (past or future) to your contacts with simple date annotations.
- **Advanced Search:** Use the signature feature to filter contacts by multiple tags. For example, searching `tag1,tag2` will show contacts that match both tags, providing a powerful way to navigate your network.
- **Offline-First:** Access and manage your contacts without an internet connection. Your data is stored locally, ensuring that you own it.
- **Syncing Mechanism:** With a straightforward pull-push-merge sync process, keep your local contacts up-to-date with Google Contacts.

## Setup

1. **Google Cloud Setup:** 
   - Create a Google Cloud project.
   - Set up OAuth 2.0 in the Google Cloud console.
   - Enable the People API. [Learn more](https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/create-credentials)

2. **Credentials Handling:** 
   - Download the `credentials.json` from your Google Cloud project.
   - Place it in the install directory.

3. **Launching the App:**
   - Run `main.py` or the executable.
   - Follow the OAuth screen instructions to authorize access.
   - A `token.json` will be generated for future access.

Power Contacts offers a robust and efficient solution for managing your connections. Start organizing your contacts today!
